Legal Notice
############

Copyright © 2016 Homegear UG (haftungsbeschränkt).

The text of and illustrations in this document are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution–Share Alike 3.0 Unported license (“CC-BY-SA”). An explanation of CC-BY-SA is available at the creativecommons.org website. In accordance with CC-BY-SA, if you distribute this document or an adaptation of it, you must provide the URL for the original version.

Homegear is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. Homegear is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with Homegear. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/. In addition, as a special exception, the copyright holders give permission to link the code of portions of this program with the OpenSSL library under certain conditions as described in each individual source file, and distribute linked combinations including the two. You must obey the GNU Lesser General Public License in all respects for all of the code used other than OpenSSL. If you modify file(s) with this exception, you may extend this exception to your version of the file(s), but you are not obligated to do so. If you do not wish to do so, delete this exception statement from your version. If you delete this exception statement from all source files in the program, then also delete it here.

Disclaimer: Although all documentation is written and compiled with care, Homegear is not responsible for direct actions or consequences derived from using this documentation, including unclear instructions or missing information not contained in these documents.